My 2 other Pig brothers and I had finally graduated Pig University and it was time to move out of Old McDonald's farm and
 into the real world to hopefully begin our careers as Software Developers at Quicken Loans.  
The three of us decided to live together and wanted to build our own house so natually,
 we had a meeting to decide what kind of material we should use to build our house.

So we all got together and started throwing out ideas of what our house should be made of.  
Unfortunately, we just could not decide what to use to build our house.
One of my brothers wanted to use sticks, another (for some reason) wanted to use straw.
I myself wanted to use bricks. The best bricks money could buy.
So we all decided that instead of living together, we would build our own houses with our favorite material of choice.

My 2 brothers were busy making a delicious deep dish pizza for 
lunch. "Brother," he called out to the other, in between finishing stick walls, "don't waste
your time lollygagging about! That big bad wolf is going to be here before you 
know it, and you won't be able to hide from him!" He finished quickly and they ate some pizza.

After eating a few slices, my 2 brothers decided to lay in the field and
relax, letting their bodies digest all that pizza. In that beautiful summer
weather, feeling the warm sun on their faces and the gentle breeze of the straw
brushing against them, they took a pizza coma. While I was finishing my brick house, I heard my brother's grating high-pitched squeal.
 "Eek! Quickly! That big bad wolf! He's coming! I see him! Run!" Acting fast,
one brother grabbed as much straw as they could carry and ran off. He needed a house. Quick.
 

I am obviously the smartest of my brothers and called up my homies the Migos and we got some bricks to build the dopest trap house 
on the block. No social media needed when you ball so hard. 
The local riffraff Big Wolfie was mad at us for not wanting to come to his block party so he wanted revenge.
 He went to my brother's house and blew a smoke CLOUT massive enough to blow that thing right out of the park. 
He went over there and just like the straw house, blew a smoke CLOUT so massive enough it blew that sucker right on out. 
With their fat pizza stuffed bodies, they ran over to my house and pounded the door.
My house was so dope no amount of CLOUT could ever knock it down. 
Big Wolfie stopped by but we just let the haters hate and kept on living life. 
